The challenge is to create a branch of the 'main' repository, open this branch locally on your computer in unity, add one of the shape sprites to the SampleScene, and then push your changes to the 'test-branch'.
The idea is that for everyone participating in the game jam group has their unity project additions in one repository, which is a skill we'll need if we want to work on one unity project together.
Also make sure to delete the branch you created once you have merged with 'test-branch'.

**NOTE:** Unity Version for this, as well as the gamejam projects is: 6000.0.36f1

How to do this:
1. Make sure to have Github Desktop installed, which will allow you to use git commands without having to use a terminal.
2. In github desktop, click 'Clone a repository from the Internet' and use the url of this repo to clone it. The place where you clone it to will be where your unity project is.
3. In unity hub, click add->add project from disk, and add the repo you downloaded. If you don't have the correct unity version for the project installed, it will prompt you to download it.
4. Now when you open Unity, any changes you make in unity will visually update in github desktop, showing if you've added, removed or updated project files. At the top of github desktop it shows what branch you are currently in, which right now will likely be the 'main' branch. We will never push changes to the main branch directly. We'll only push changes to the 'test-branch', by which, once we are sure everything is ok in the test-branch, merge the test-branch with the main branch. The main branch should always be a source that someone can pull from without any file issues that might exist when merging, which is why the 'test-branch' exists to sort those out. Simply, always pull from main, and push to 'test-branch'.
5. Anytime you want to add a new feature to the game, create a branch for it, ideally with its name being what you are adding. So if you are adding a square shape have it be 'adding-square-shape' or something along those lines. You can either create a branch directly in github desktop or on the github website, for both however make sure you are pulling from 'main' and not 'test-branch'. If you do create a branch from the github website, the branch won't immediately show in github desktop, as all changes made online on the github website need to be manually 'fetched' using the 'Fetch Origin' button in github desktop. If you create the branch from github desktop, you will need to click the 'public branch' button that appears for it to show on the repository immediately, which is ideal so we know who's currently in a branch.
6. Create your branch with a name of what you are going to do, and make sure in github desktop you have that branch selected as your current branch. Now when you make changes to unity, and commit and push those changes, it will push it to the branch you made, and not any of the others. When you are done adding your shape to the unity scene, make sure you save the scene as well (ctrl+s). In github desktop, you should see changes in the 'changes' section which align with what you edited in the file. You now want to commit and push these changes to the your branch. Github desktop has a commit to 'branch name' button in the buttom right, however you need to give at least a summary of your commit before you can push the button. Commits save the changes you made to the project locally on your computer, however to push those commits to your branch, you need to click the push button that should now appear at the top of github desktop once you commit your changes.
7. Once you have pushed your changes to your branch, you can either keep making changes to the unity project and push those to the branch again if you think you still have more to do on the branch, or, if you are done with the changes made in the branch, merge your branch with 'test-branch'. This is done purely on the github website. On the github website, click branches, and select your branch. Above the files, a button should appear to create a pull. In the pull request screen, make sure you are requesting to pull and merge to 'test-branch' and not 'main'. Once you have created your pull request, someone with persmission to accept your pull request and merge it with 'test-branch' will be able to do so. When we create a private repository for the game-jam, I'll give everyone permission to merge their pull-request, however for this repo only I'll be able to because it's public. You may get a merge conflict, which will require you to either make changes in github or unity depending on its nature. For this challenge you are only likely to get a scene file merge conflict, of which you can just delete the lines github says has merge issues and then submit your pull-request. A lot of this stuff is better to just go through on a discord call or smth.
8. Once your changes are merged with 'test-brach' as well as other people's, it's important to make sure everything is okay in test-branch before commiting to main. In github desktop, changing your current-branch, and making sure you've used the 'fetch-origin' button to pull any recent changes on the repo will have unity give you a prompt to reload the scene, of which it will load the unity files of that branch. This is where you can fix any issues that happened in the merge, with likely ones being components not staying attached to objects, so you have to manually add them back. Once you have done so, you can commit and push your 'test-branch' changes to 'test-branch', and then create a pull request to merge with 'main'.

This was a lot of writing lol, just dm me if you have any issues, as learning through experience instead of reading a block of text is how your gonna learn. 
